0.00. suppose the cyan one is player and the pink one is enemy ; the enemy is going to follow the player.

0.06. Open the script; Since the enemy is supposed to follow the player permanently , commands should be written in update void

0.10. Define a game object called target. This is what the object (or the enemy)wants to follow

0.18. write in update , transfor point position equals to vector 2 point movetowards ,, open close parentheses

0.34. in parentheses you should write three arguments , the first argument is the object's position itself, 
	the second argument is the target's position and the third argument is the speed

0.36. so write transform point position , target point trasform point position and the speed , 
	for example five times time.deltatime , do not forget to do this for sure (do yo wanna know why? open the link above)

......

1.04. now you just have to give the script to the enemy , and drag the Player towards the script's target and press play

1.21. you will see if you move the player to any direction , the enemy follows it 

1.25. there is a problem , if the player stops , the enemy goes inside it , which this should not happen 

1.32. to prevent this , you should use a method called distance 

1.34. open the script and define a float like dis ; ("not that dis but this dis")

1.44. write in update dis equals vector 2 point distance and parentheses

2.04. it needs two arguments , the first is this object's position and the second one is target's position

2.17. This code is distance code ,and its job is to calculate the distance between two objects

2.33. now write if distance was greater equal 3 . then bring the follow code to it's body 

2.50. after play you will see that the enemy follows the player And it stops moving with a distance from the Player 
	, this distance is that 3 in the script , which you can put any other number instead of it

3.26. For the 3D structure, do exactly the same as for the 2D structure , only in script put vector three instead of vector two

4.10. again give the script to enemy and drag the player towards the script's target

4.21. now after play you will see the enemy moves towards the player and in a specified distance it stops 
	, it doesn't matter how many enemies areh in the scene , all would stop in this distance ("which distance?this distance ,, actually dis distance")(میم سه تا مرد عنکبوتی که بهم اشاره میکنن)

4.37. sometimes it's needed when the enemies are moving in a special way , they can recognize the obstacles which are in their way ,
	for this we use a method called navigation , which we put it's tutorial later in the channel , subscribe to get notified




